update template name, and show icon in toolbar (#383)
AdobeDocs/uxp-photoshop: src/pages/guides/getting-started/creating-your-first-plugin/index.md

![A Photoshop panel showing a list of layers including their opacity and a button called "Populate Layers"](panel-with-opacity.png)

Also, you may find the icon missing when docking the plugin panel in a toolbar. It can be resolved by changing `"path"` field to the updated icon filename in `manifest.json`. For example, `"path": "icons/dark.png",` corresponds to following icon files

> ![A list of icon files](icon-file.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![screenshot of a file structure. The folder icons contains two files: "dark@1x.png" and "dark@2x.png"](icon-file.png)
```
